c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\CSharp\1033\DSLBootstrap.zip
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\VisualBasic\1033\DSLBootstrap.zip
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\GeneratedCode\DSLBootstrapSchema.xsd
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pdb
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pkgdef
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.vsix
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.Dsl.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Modeling.Sdk.Diagrams.GraphObject.10.0.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Settings.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.Dsl.pdb
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Settings.xml
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\DslPackage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\DslPackage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Commands.cto
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pdb
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pkgdef
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\CSharp\1033\DSLBootstrap.zip
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\VisualBasic\1033\DSLBootstrap.zip
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\GeneratedCode\DSLBootstrapSchema.xsd
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.dll
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pdb
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pkgdef
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.vsix
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.Dsl.dll
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.Dsl.pdb
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Commands.cto
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.dll
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pdb
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pkgdef
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.latest.pkgdef
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\CSharp\1033\DSLBootstrap.zip
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\VisualBasic\1033\DSLBootstrap.zip
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\GeneratedCode\DSLBootstrapSchema.xsd
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.dll
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pdb
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pkgdef
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.vsix
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.Dsl.dll
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\bin\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.Dsl.pdb
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Commands.cto
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.dll
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pdb
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.pkgdef
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\Company.DSLBootstrap.DslPackage.latest.pkgdef
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
C:\Users\SPH\Pictures\Respaldo\GeneradorBootstrap\DslPackage\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
